hello everyone so I am back with another
video
finally I'm sorry I've made you wait for
this one but the next few videos
including this one will be following the
lead up to my online exams they are my
degree finals my final exams at
Cambridge University
it's an exciting one so I've logged all
of my preparation for these exams and
actual exams week itself and that's all
coming over the next few weeks before we
get started with today's vlog I want to
say a big thank you to bright Network
for sponsoring this video if you haven't
heard of them there are free careers
platform but the big reason I'm talking
to you about them today is they've
launched internship experience UK they
are running three day virtual internship
experiences throughout July which are
open to anyone who's a current student
or recent graduate and over 18 they're
all completely free entirely online and
there's six different sectors you can
choose from depending on where your
interests lie there's an unlimited
number of places available and the stuff
you'll do on these three days is going
to be so great to add to your CV it
shows proactivity it shows drive it will
give you more insight into a sector that
you might want to go into you can decide
whether it actually is for you I know a
lot of you are going to be stressing out
right now we don't know what's happening
there's so much uncertainty at the
moment but I would really encourage you
to get involved with this scheme just to
give you an example of what they're
offering one of the streams is
technology it's going to be running from
the 30th of June to the 2nd of July and
it will involve taking part in workshops
of leading tech firms getting to
virtually meet like-minded students and
graduates at top firms doing project
work which will simulate what you'd be
doing on a normal internship I just
think it's such a good idea I know so
many people who are gutted about
internships being cancelled so get on
this if you haven't heard about it
already
it's just launched they're still trying
to apply go get your place I will leave
links in the description so you can go
check that out and yeah we will get on
with this video now let's head over to
past page while she was revising for
exams so it's a Tuesday evening
and my exam start in three weeks time
now if I just work hard for these three
weeks now imagine the freedom I can have
after luckily I'm feeling like it's all
coming together a bit now I'm attempting
questions from exam papers and they're
going okay
I think this is the least stressed I've
ever felt about a set of exams which I
suppose is understandable because my
grades pretty much already determined
because of the safety net policy they've
put in but I think there's also a side
to it that it doesn't feel like I'm
actually sitting exams because it still
feels like I'm on holiday and usually
when I'd be at university all my friends
around me would all be studying and it
would really get me into that study mode
whereas when I'm at home I just feel a
bit separated from it all is a term
actually happening right now because it
just doesn't feel like it anyways I'm
just about to go to bed but I'm waiting
for it to past midnight because I'm
playing an online game of diplomacy with
my friends from uni diplomacy is a
strategic board game that you can play
online I didn't think I was gonna get so
invested in it but boy oh boy am I
getting competitive you only make one
move per day and the game lasts two
weeks or something and the result of
each turn is always announced at
midnight every day so I'm waiting to see
the result of this turn here we have it
I am playing Turkey I'm so tired though
I need to get to bed
it's Wednesday afternoon I've got myself
a coffee and I'm very much looking
forward to where this comes from the
coffee machine that my sister brought
back from university I only discovered
it was in the house a week or so ago and
I'm so happy I now know it's here I
don't know how it was hidden from me for
so long I've just finished a live stream
study with me which I've really been
enjoying doing these live stream study
was nice they keep me really focused no
even so many people are watching me I'm
gonna finish my coffee have some vanilla
buns which my sister baked earlier I'm
gonna sign off have a bit of a break and
then get back to work hello blog I'm
eating dinner with my family with Luis
count olivia to finish off the pizza I
don't snack all day the rest of you do
she was worried she might not get enough
pizza but a lot of us have kindly
donated our file I'm lying to her you
don't have three bits of pizza reads
number is this I have just come off a
video call with my friends from home
this evening we went through our old
yearbook from secondary school and it
was really funny because my yearbook
photo from secondary school was
literally me with my hair in a ponytail
with frizzy hair everywhere I haven't
changed places
what do you been up to this evening to
speak to my friends I did a quiz my
friend and it was the first quiz I've
won in quarantine so I'm very happy that
was me and Lydia Kings hold off our
parents are in bed don't see this is the
problem with not being at uni in my
normal accommodation you know you have
to adjust to each other's timetables see
you tomorrow
good morning look so we set up this
table in the lounge just to give me a
second optional workspace because I was
getting a bit thick of my room so now I
am calling this the library this is my
library space to get work done and I
like it it's a nice bright airy room my
dad's working over there as well
sometimes and yeah there's lots to be
doing I've arranged so
online revision supervisions for the
next couple of weeks but I've also
arranged to hand in work for every
single one of them and I don't see those
thought through just how many passed
paper questions I need to get through I
had a dream last night that I was taking
exams and I just wasn't ready to take
them and it was so stressful I hate
those kind of dreams so when I woke up I
was very relieved that I was not taking
my exam today hello everyone so it's
been a good day
of quantum mechanics today this evening
I did a livestream with my sister did a
bit of a chassis Q&A it was actually
quite a long one how long were we on for
one hour 17 minutes we were just having
a good old chat you know I'm gonna get
to bed
unaware I haven't really vlogs today I
did a bit of an Instagram takeover on
the study tube project Instagram account
today which was fun and I did a live
study stream this morning which was
rather productive although will my
friend from uni wronged me halfway
through the study stream and basically
it wasn't there my friends like gave me
the giggles halfway through my live
stream because their messages popped up
from the group chat on like my phone as
it was filming the live stream they will
start trying to ring me and oh my god it
was downhill from there really
well there's somehow I managed to keep
it together and stay focused I don't
know how you know even when my friends
aren't here they're still being a
nuisance I've been trying to get work
done today as well send emails I have
started to panic a little bit about
exams now I was waiting for the panic to
kick in and it has kicked in I shall be
fine it's gonna be okay no need to worry
no need to stress signing off for today
hello guys so firstly I'm sorry that
I've completely sucked at vlogging in
recent days I'm in such a revision kind
of states that I just think about my
work and nothing else I'm also aware
most clips of this video are me in my
room and you know what it's an accurate
depiction of what life is like at the
moment I spend most of my time in this
room sitting in this very chair last
night I ended up calling my friends from
uni and chatting to them for most of the
evening at first I just suggested a
group study session but uncool I had the
best intentions as well I thought we
were all going to
get some focused work done and just have
each other for company I ended up
chatting most of the time I think I got
about two questions done in total which
wasn't great it was a Saturday night you
know I needed some time or and I think I
just need a little bit of a boost I'm
feeling positive because I was doing
some work this afternoon on my
relativity module the questions just
require you to have a good grasp on
tensor algebra and that's it I didn't
really have to understand what was going
on physically which is a bit of a cheat
if I think about it and I should
definitely care about what's going on
physically but if I'm worried about
getting marks in an exam it's not a
problem I can manipulate those tensors
and I'm fine I've got those marks I'm
gonna put on some music while I do my
work this evening I've been just
listening to some chilled acoustic pop
music recently either that or Spotify
peaceful piano playlist is another fave
of mine I do like some piano music hello
everyone today it's quite a busy day
this morning I have been life studying
live on YouTube and this afternoon I
have two super visions have zoom called
sheduled with my dynamic supervisor and
also my quantum mechanics supervisor my
dynamics work has been marked and I feel
slightly encouraged in that I had the
correct approach for most questions I
was just so sloppy with my algebra I
kept dropping minus signs or forgetting
multiplicative terms going from one line
to the next and oh my god it is so
annoying the worst way to lose marks and
exam questions because there's such tiny
errors and then it follows through
through the whole question I've got 10
minutes to my first supervision I'll set
you up in the corner so you can watch me
squirm as I'm questioned
[Music]
hello everyone so I predicted it would
be at least an hour and a half that soup
oh we have gone on for nearly two hours
on my next ones in five minutes so I'm
running for a quick coffee for for my
next one starts but that's good my
dynamic supervisor is a legend
one gingerbread lass here coming up my
sister bought this gingerbread syrup it
was one pound she got it for amazing we
do love a bargain and is gonna be
sitting there sipping which interbred
latte while I get quantum mechanics
explained to me okay I'm in position
I have got my quantum mechanics notes
out now and I'm about to jump on the
cool
[Music]
I was so dead so that supervision was an
hour and 13 minutes I need a bit of a
break now you know I feel so much better
this evening having had those two super
visions ourself afternoon supervisors
just have a knack of explaining
questions and making them seem pips and
I'm like oh yeah totally I can do this
hello guys said this evening I'm just
getting some work done I was feeling
quite positive earlier but now I'm
getting worried again I'd literally
think you guys have seen the onset of my
stress this week in this vlog because I
was fine a week ago I was worried that I
wasn't stressing I'm just panicking at
all the content there's there's so much
I don't know why I'm putting the
pressure on myself this year when I
don't even need to and I'd normally just
go play cards with my friends to relieve
the stress a little bit but I can't do
that anymore one of my supervisors today
made a comment about fourth year I don't
know he just presumed that me and my
super partner would be both staying on
for the masters fourth year course
because a lot of people do stay on for
the fourth year on my course and I'm not
doing that I'm gonna make a video soon
about what my future plans are once
exams are over I really hope I'm making
the right decision sorry to be
overdramatic I usually am struggling an
exam season so what's new with two weeks
to go to the exams I'm gonna end this
look here thank you very much for
watching please give the video a like
and subscribe to my channel I would
really appreciate it and hit the
notification bell then you're notified
every time I upload follow me on my
Instagram which is at underscore page
underscore why catch you later
[Music]
[Applause]